Dad, I think my sister has a special relationship with Mr. Li
But what are they?
Yes, that dead man Ou Yan
How could it be possible to send Mr. Li's concern?
The euro just called that person big brother.
He is definitely not Mr. Li
It must be Ou Yan sent to act
What does Chen Tezhu say now?
We offended people we shouldn't have offended
Could it be the euro?
Okay, it's the countdown of the group, right?
You're right actually.
This damn girl also blames us for being blind in the first place
I raised him so big
Dad, the most important thing for us is to hurry up
Mr. Li apologizes
You're right actually.
Now we're going back to prep care and go to lawyers
Oops that
There will be an auction at the Kims this afternoon
At auction
There are paintings by Mr. Li's favorite painter, Dawn
If you take a picture of this painting
Then Mr. Li may forgive us for the past?
Okay, let's go shoot the painting of Dawn